I don't want to stay out in the forever
yeah what time's it it's always like
snow time no it's half one I think hop
on in the morning one in the morning and
get this it's so beautiful yes guys if
ever you want to come and visit half of
sons of Admiral's cosmetics and this is
where we live so beautiful I'm so just
some lucky to live in a place in there
that's great talk to me about your
experiences of snow in the pasture well
I grew up kind of in the middle of the
country doesn't get you know out cold as
it does in some places but I remember
2004 the old blizzards you know those
are the stories of your granddad tells
your eyes not like the winter back in
two thousand four mental it's
not like this this is practically hail I
don't know what I'm going with that but
yeah I've never never grown TARDIS no no
gets old always lifts your spirits well
as for me I like I think it's from I
often see
I
something cleansing here like know how
in between courses it really fancy
restaurant you have amuse-bouche to
clear the palate but some pistachio ice
cream or something to cleanse the palate
I feel like snow like a seasonal
equivalent of that between which courses
like Vegas any the desert courses I
suppose I gotta make sense oh yeah lunch
is in the course given you three course
meal if a bread Artur main course lunch
dessert that's how it goes first name it
is again she's living buddy home